Add a changelog entry for the main nav re-design (#3346)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/06/ui-refresh.md

---
title: Navigation UI Refresh
description: "Redesigned top navigation with improved layout, colors, and menu styling for a cleaner user experience."
date: 2025-06-11 12:00:00.0  
authors: ["serban-costin"]
tags:
  - changelog
---

> We’ve given the top navigation in FlowFuse a visual refresh to help move away from the dated look and feel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve given the top navigation in FlowFuse a visual refresh as part of our effort to constantly improve and modernise the user experience of FlowFuse.
```
